hello and welcome back to learning
English with Minecraft Minecraft my name
is Kenzo and this is English from the
ground
[Music]
up in the last video I explored the cave
a little bit more and mined a lot of
iron and Redstone and gold and I built
this map mhm so in this video I'm going
to explore the surrounding areas and
hopefully find some carrots or potatoes
or a cave or a village or something
interesting so I'm going to get in my
boat and off we
go oh it's
cool all
right there we go
I think I'm going to head towards the
jungle over there because I like
Jungles did I bring
food I didn't bring
food maybe I can find some watermelon in
the jungle to
eat aha there is some watermelon
all right eating the
watermelon do you like
watermelon I like watermelon but it's
not my favorite
fruit More
Watermelon we can also plant watermelon
at the
house ooh it's a panda bear
hello so we've got a lot of water melons
now oh and these are cocoa beans
mhm you can use cocoa beans to bake
cookies
whoa all of that all of that is bamboo
that is a lot of bamboo I'm going to
collect some of that bamboo because I
think you can use bamboo as a source of
fuel like coal this is a lot of
watermelons let's
see almost two full stacks of
watermelons I'm going to collect some of
the
bamboo all right lots of
bamboo well we've got bamboo we've got
cocoa beans and we've got
watermelons I'm so happy that we have a
map because I don't have to worry about
getting
lost because I can always see where my
house is right
there these things I can't remember what
they're called but they're actually
really tough because there are a lot of
enemies nearby that shoot with crossbows
so I am not going to go over there not
yet I'm going to put my boat back down
my like that and get
in
and start
sailing hey it's some
turtles
[Music]
hello a little family of
turtles the Moon is coming up and the
Sun is going
down I'm going to get off now and break
my boat
there we go I'm running
away going to dive in the
water okay and jump
out and continue running
away
oo what is
that is that lava
an Enderman that's called an Enderman oh
whoa oh no it's a whole horde of
zombies go away oh no it's a
village I found a village another
Village hopefully this Village has
carrots or potatoes cool there are two
Villages close
by it's a skeleton
die
skeleton oh no I might
die Iron Golem protect
me
uhoh these These are zombie
villagers which means that zombies have
already killed some villagers in this
town
and these zombies are trying to kill
more
oh get him Iron
Golem nice this is a bell this is a bell
when I ring ding the Bell like
this all of the villagers go back
inside I'm going to look for a bed
bed monsters nearby it's to
you okay I saw carrots okay I'm going to
sleep and in the morning I'll collect
carrots okay look at all these carrots
this is great
I'm just going to steal your carrots Mr
villager and your
beetroots I see something over
there what is
this
ah this is the ruins of a Nether Portal
if you
complete if you complete the portal by
placing obsidian there there and there
and if you light it with flint and
steel then you can create a portal to
another dimension called the nether it's
full of fire and dangerous monsters whoa
inside the chest is
Obsidian and Enchanted tools and flint
and steel this is what you need to light
the
fire
awesome whoa what was
that weird okay well I found some
watermelon some cocoa beans some bamboo
and some
carrots so I think it's time to head
back home and I can plant all these
things so my
house is right here and I am up here so
I need to
go this
direction this right here is a swamp
there are frogs in the swamp but I'm not
going to explore in the swamp right now
right now I'm going back
home which is this
direction I think I'm getting
close
aha I can see the two huge formations
near my house right over
there I am swimming with a pickaxe in my
hand
this is probably not the best way to
swim
okay I'm getting very close to my house
now all
right and we're home wonderful this
wheat is ready to be
harvested so I'm going to break it and
collect the wheat
these beetroots as well okay so right
here I'm going to plant more
beetroots here I'm going to plant more
wheat right
here I'm going to
plant
carrots there we
go and over here I'll plant watermelon
this is a
oh this is what I use to till the soil
like
this I need to till the soil first
before I can plant on the
soil now I can plant watermelon on all
this
soil all right cool so this will take
some time to grow but pretty soon I'll
have a lot of food
that I have
grown so this is
great it's getting dark time to
sleep close the
doors and go to
sleep in my
bed and it's morning morning time I
think I might break a little section of
this wall and create a doorway right
here
H and I'll put doors right here like
this oh but
first I should Place some
stones on the
floor here and here so that it looks
better there we go
now I have a door to my
farm I'm going to place some of these
slabs right here because if I jump
across to this side of the dirt well it
ruins the soil right here so if I walk
if I just walk instead of jumping then
it keeps the soil good so I'm going to
place Stones here here and here
cool I built this Farm off camera
because it was pretty boring to watch
because all I was doing was digging up
all the sand and replacing it with dirt
it took a long time to dig up all this
sand I'm going to place the bamboo right
here and now I've planted the bamboo all
the iron is finished smelting so now I
have 63 iron ingots with 63 iron ingots
I can build all the different iron
tools I'm going to put on these golden
boots so I need some pants and a helmet
so I'm going to build iron
pants or iron leggings
and an iron
helmet there we go now I'll put both of
these on one two there we go so now I
have 1 2 3 4 five and a half
armor so I won't die as easily I'm going
to put all of my things all of my things
in these chests right now now now it's
all
organized in these chests magic okay I
think I'm going to end this video right
here we went exploring and found some
carrots some bamboo watermelon and cocoa
beans and planted them at our house
thank you so much for watching this
video if you liked it you can subscribe
to my channel by clicking up here and I
we'll see you in the next video see you
[Music]